Document cluster wide rate limits for 23.1 (#1140)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/reference/tunable-properties.mdx

### max_kafka_throttle_delay_ms

> The maximum delay inserted in the data path of Kafka API requests to throttle them down. Ensures that responses to Kafka API calls will not be delayed beyond the timeout set by your Kafka client because of throttling.

Reviewer: I've read this sencence again and realized that it's unclear whether the responses won't be delayed because of throttling, or the timeout is set because of throttling. The correct is the former; could you please try to restructure it to make that clear?

> The maximum throttle delay for Kafka responses. Used as a fail-safe when throttle values for request-responses are not set. Also used by the [throughput quota balancer](../../manage/cluster-maintenance/manage-throughput#node-wide-rate-limits) as the maximum delay when allocating quota.

Reviewer: > Used as a fail-safe when throttle values for request-responses are not set.

I'm not sure what this sentence talks about... what are the "values for request-responses"?

Please see my other comment about this property.

Author: The "values for request-responses" was from interpreting the commit msg for the property (b98d5d97ef31d00391bf58b3e2536b8748c6b375). I'll definitely rewrite "request-responses" since it doesn't make sense to you, an SME.

> The maximum delay inserted in the data path of Kafka API requests to throttle them down. Enables a configurable request timeout so that it can be less than (fit within) the request timeout(s) of your Kafka client(s). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum delay inserted in the data path of Kafka API requests to throttle them down. Ensures that responses to Kafka API calls will not be delayed beyond the timeout set by your Kafka client because of throttling.
```
